# Awesome 1st draft

Finding the word which has meaningful impact on me it’s really difficult. Maybe it is because of my nation. I mean that I born in country where people don’t speak English language. Also, somehow, I love English language but I don’t mean love language like knowing English grammar, but I love English in a way that I can use it in my life such as talking, chatting with people or translating my short films and music videos. Thanks to this I feel that I have more options in my life which is very good.

Of course, let’s say that if I’m going to the deepest past of my life, word awesome is the word which had strong impact on me. The reason why it’s word awesome is silly but it’s funny memory of my life. I love filmmaking and cinematography and once I had my favorite animated series Gravity Falls where Bill Cypher, by the way my favorite negative character, was often telling the word awesome. Well, I started to use this word at primary school at English lessons. When my teacher heard this word from me, she was like: “Never use this word! Mainly not in front of me. I hate this word.” You know, I was young, and I was asking myself “why”? What is bad on that word? Well, because I was young like I said, I started to think that word awesome has bad grammar so people shouldn’t use it. So, after some time I stopped expressed my feelings with the word awesome. Maybe that’s the word which had impact on me because of my silly life story and situations.

What I would like to add is that I am very thankful for my English teacher in my primary school. Yeah, she was strict and because of her I am not using the word awesome anymore, but she helped me a lot and maybe because of her, I was braver to try my internship through Erasmus+ in Berlin. And that’s really awesome. I believe that she was important puzzle or bridge in my life. She moved me a lot. Nowadays you can see that younger generation from me don’t have too much problem with English language. Well, in my opinion it is because of the globalization, networking and nowadays we have more options than before. For example, if I am comparing me and my younger sister, I can see that my sister is much more better with English language than me. Only she needs to be braver to talk with people in English but I don’t think that will be problem for her in the future because she is studying at High school where all subjects are in English language and teachers are teaching in English too. And that’s awesome!

#### [BACK TO THE MAIN PAGE](https://github.com/BenjaminHaverla/English-essay-workflow.git)
